Add security note to how-to-use-environment-variables-in-typescript.md (#1948)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/typescript/how-to-use-environment-variables-in-typescript.md

**Getting into Workflow**

> If you need environment variables in our Workflow, use a Local Activity:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need environment variables in your Workflow, use a Local Activity:
```

  await sendNotificationEmail(envVars.apiKey);
}
```

> If your environment variables are sensitive, use a [Custom Data Converter that encrypts](https://legacy-documentation-sdks.temporal.io/typescript/data-converters#encryption) Activity return values and parameters.

Reviewer: Will likely link to `concepts/what-is-a-custom-data-converter.md` after [PR 1932](https://github.com/temporalio/documentation/pull/1932) is merged.
```suggestion
If your environment variables are sensitive, use a [custom Data Converter](https://legacy-documentation-sdks.temporal.io/typescript/data-converters#encryption) to encrypt Activity return values and parameters.
```
